One day, when Candie was passing by an ice cream shop, 
she was attracted by the store’s colorful ice cream posters. 
Each of the scoops of ice cream on the posters was large and eye-catching, 
so she decided to buy some. However, 
the moment Candie saw the clerk holding her order of ice cream, 
she was very disappointed. What’s worse, 
the scoops were the tiniest that she had ever seen and 
cost her a pretty penny. 
It was no use regretting her decision, so she took a bite of the ice cream.

有一天，坎蒂經過一家冰淇淋店，
她被店裡繽紛的冰淇淋海報所吸引。
海報上每球冰淇淋都又大又吸睛，
所以她決定買一些。然而，
坎蒂看到店員手上拿了她點的冰淇淋時，她大失所望。
更糟的是，冰淇淋是她看過最「小」球的，
還花了她不少錢。
她後悔做了這個決定也沒用，
所以她嚐了一口冰淇淋。


Washing machines were invented in the late 19th century, 
but they were always big, heavy, and hard to use. 
Laundromats began in 1936 to be popular with people who 
did not have enough money to buy a washing machine or space for it. 
Most laundromats are coin-operated and open 24 hours a day. 
This way, people can do their laundry whenever they have free time. 
In America, there are more than 11,000 selfservice laundries. 
They employ almost 40,000 people and make around US$3.4 billion per year.

洗衣機是在十九世紀後期所發明出來的，
但當時的洗衣機都又大又重，而且難以使用。
自助洗衣店於1936年開始受到沒有足夠的
錢買洗衣機或是家裡沒有空間放洗衣機的人們歡迎。
多數的自助洗衣店都是以硬幣操作，
且二十四小時開放。這麼一來，
人們只要有空就可以洗衣服了。
在美國，有一萬一千多家的自助洗衣店。
他們僱用了將近四萬人，
而且每年約有三十四億美元的收入。 

S: Sam　　B: Betty
Sam and Betty are at the local laundromat washing their clothes.
S: I like coming here when it's not too crowded. If I come after work, this place is packed and all the dryers are taken.
B: Me, too. I hate waiting to do the laundry, especially when I have a lot to do.
S: Yeah, sometimes I even come after midnight to avoid that.

山姆和貝蒂在當地的自助洗衣店洗衣服。
山　姆： 我喜歡在人比較少的時候來這裡。我要是下班後過來的話，這個地方都會擠滿人，而且所有的烘乾機都有人使用。
貝　蒂： 我也是。我討厭排隊洗衣服，尤其是我有很多衣服要洗的時候。
山　姆： 對啊，為了避免那樣的情形，我有時候甚至過了半夜才來。 


Most restaurants follow the same pattern. 
Customers sit down, look at a menu, and place their orders with a waiter. 
When the food is ready, the waiter brings it to the table, 
and then customers can enjoy their meals. 
Now, a company called Rollercoaster Restaurants has changed the game. 
At Rollercoaster Restaurants, 
customers sit down at their table and 
above their heads are twisting metal tracks that run throughout the restaurant. 
No waiter takes the customers’ orders. 
Instead, they order from touch screen.

大部分的餐廳遵循著相同的模式。
客人坐下，看看菜單，然後向服務生點餐。
當餐點準備好後，服務生會送到餐桌上，
然後客人便能好好享用他們的餐點。
現在，有一間叫做「雲霄飛車餐廳」的公司改變了方式。
在雲霄飛車餐廳，客人坐在他們的位子上，
在他們頭上方有貫穿整間餐廳、彎彎曲曲的金屬軌道。
沒有服務生會幫客人點餐。
取而代之的是，他們用觸控螢幕點餐。 

Saint Nicholas Day is a Christian holiday in Europe that falls on December 6, though some places celebrate on December 19. During this festival, people eat a huge meal,go to church, and young boys dress as priests and give money to the poor.
Saint Nicholas was a Christian leader who lived in Greece almost two thousand years ago. There are many stories about him performing miracles and secretly giving gifts to those in need, especially to children.

聖尼古拉節在歐洲是一個基督教節日，於十二月六日慶祝，雖然有些地方是在十二月十九日慶祝。在這個節日期間，人們會吃一頓大餐、去教堂，而且年輕的男孩們會裝扮成牧師的模樣並拿錢給窮人。
聖尼古拉是一位大約兩千年前居住在希臘的基督徒領袖。有許多關於聖尼古拉展現神蹟和偷偷送禮物給尤其是小孩那樣有需要的人的故事。 

J: Jacques　　W: Winnie
Winnie is visiting her friend Jacques who lives in Montreal.
W: Hey, Jacques, I'm so happy I finally have the chance to experience your hometown in person.
J: Montreal is an amazingly beautiful city. Do you have an idea about
what you'd like to see while you're here?
W: Well, I have to see the place the city was named after, for starters.
J: Oh, you mean Mount Royal. Yes, it's beautiful in summer or winter, though I prefer it when the trees are covered in snow.

溫妮拜訪了住在蒙特婁的朋友雅克。
溫　妮：嘿，雅克，我好高興我終於有機會可以親身體驗你的家鄉。
雅　克：蒙特婁是個美得讓人驚豔的城市。停留在這裡的期間妳有沒有什麼想參觀的地方呢？
溫　妮：嗯，首先，我要參觀讓這座城市因它而命名的地方。
雅　克：喔，妳是說皇家山。是的，它在夏天或冬天都很美麗，雖然我偏好當樹木都被白雪覆蓋的時候。 

When traveling, 
we need to pack our luggage with necessary items like clothes and cameras.
However, there are other items that make travel safer and more comfortable. 
These include travel wallets that keep money, credit cards, 
and other travel documents such as tickets, 
passports and visas safe from thieves. 
For those who are traveling cheaply, 
travel towels are also a good idea. 
These are special lightweight towels that dry out 
quickly and are easy to carry in a suitcase or backpack.

旅行的時候，
我們需要打包一些必需品像是衣服和照相機。
然而，有其他物品可以讓旅行更安全、更舒適。
這些物品包括旅行護照皮夾，
它可以妥善保管錢、信用卡和其他旅行證件像是車票、護照和簽證以免遭竊。
對於那些想要廉價旅遊的人，
旅行用毛巾也是不錯的主意。
旅行用毛巾是特別輕的毛巾，
可以快速乾透且容易收納在行李箱或是背包裡。 


S: Stan　　L: Lisa
Stan and Lisa are packing for a trip.
S: What are all of these?
L: That's a travel pillow. Over there are two travel wallets. And that purple cloth is a travel towel.
S: Do we really need to take all this stuff?
L: We'll be traveling on a lot of trains. The pillow will help me to get some sleep.
S: OK, I understand. But how about the travel wallets?
L: They will keep our money and documents safe.

史丹和麗莎正在為他們的旅行收拾行李。
史　丹：這些是什麼？
麗　莎：這是頸枕。那邊有兩個旅行護照皮夾。然後那塊紫色的布是旅行用毛巾。
史　丹：我們真的需要全部都帶嗎？
麗　莎：我們會搭很多趟火車旅行。頸枕可以幫助我的睡眠。
史　丹：好的，我明白了。但是旅行護照皮夾呢？
麗　莎：它們可以妥善保管我們的錢和證件。

柯林體重過重。他在當地的健身房請教一位私人教練。 
潔西卡：好的，你來對地方了。首先，讓我們來談談你的飲食吧。 
柯　林：我很不擅長節食。上個月，我試著吃生食餐，但是這真的太難堅持下去了。 
潔西卡：我並不驚訝。當你嘗試像是那樣的流行減肥餐是很難得到成果的。 
柯　林：好的。那我該做些甚麼？有太多的節食方法可以選擇。 

C: Colin　　J: Jessica
Colin is overweight. He is at the local gym to get advice from a personal trainer.
J: Well, you've come to the right place.
First, let's talk about your diet.
C: I've never been good at dieting. Last month, 
I tried the Raw-food diet, but it was just too hard to stick to.
J: I'm not surprised. It's hard to get results when trying a fad diet like that.
C: OK. What should I do? There are so many diets to choose from.


R:Rick　　M:Morty
Rick and Morty are riding the MRT and discussing how to act properly when riding public transportation.
M: Geez, Rick! What are you doing? You can’t drink on the MRT!
R: I don’t care. I’m thirsty. What’s the worst that could happen?
M: If someone catches you eating or drinking, you could be fined a lot of money.
R: All right. What else do I need to know to avoid the long arm of the law?

瑞克和莫帝搭捷運時在討論搭乘大眾運輸時該如何做出適當的行為舉止。
莫　帝：天呀，瑞克！你在幹什麼？你不能在捷運上喝東西！
瑞　克：我不管。我口渴了。還會有什麼更糟的事能發生嗎？
莫　帝：如果有人抓到你在捷運上飲食，你可能會被處以很高的罰金。
瑞　克：好吧。我還需要知道些什麼才可以避免觸犯「法網」呢？


Although he is such a well-known actor, Leonardo DiCaprio had never won an Oscar before 2016. However, he finally won for The Revenant in 2016, which was filmed deep in the Canadian wilderness. It was one of his most challenging roles ever, both mentally and physically. Dicaprio even used part of his Oscar acceptance speech to talk about climate change because of his concern for the environment. It was clear that he was satisfi ed with the win, and his fans were happy as well.
雖然他是一個這麼有名的演員，李奧納多 •狄卡皮歐在 2016年之前卻從未得過奧斯卡金像獎。然而，他終究在2016年靠著在加拿大荒野深處拍攝的《神鬼獵人》拿下奧斯卡最佳男主角獎。這部片中的角色是他從影以來最具挑戰性的角色之一，不論是在心理層面還是在生理層面。也因為心繫自然環境，李奧納多 •狄卡皮歐甚至在他的獲獎感言中談述了氣候變化。很顯然地他對這次的獲獎十分心滿意足，而他的粉絲也都非常開心。 


Leonardo DiCaprio is one of the most famous people in the world. He was born in 1974 in Hollywood, California. His acting career began slowly by playing small parts on several television shows and having a couple of minor movie roles in the early 1990s. He remained largely unknown until landing a role in the hit TV show — Growing Pains. DiCaprio is now among Hollywood’s favorite leading men. He has used his acting skills in almost every possible kind of movie.

李奧納多•狄卡皮歐是世上最有名氣的人之一。他在 1974年出生於加州的好萊塢。靠著飾演幾個電視節目上的小角色和一些次要的電影角色，他的演員生涯就在九○年代初期緩慢地展開。而一路默默無聞的他，直到獲得當時熱門影集《歡樂家庭》的演出機會後，才打響名號。李奧納多•狄卡皮歐是現今好萊塢最受人喜愛的男主角之一。他幾乎在各種可能出現的不同種類電影中都飆過他的演技。 

E: Ernie　B: Bert　M: Minnie
Ernie, Bert, and Minnie are shopping in the mall. Minnie doesn’t have enough money, so she asks her friends if she can borrow some.
M: Yeah. I’m NT$600 short. Can I borrow some money from you?
E: You’ve got to be kidding me. You still owe me NT$1,000 from last month.
B: You owe me as well. I’ve lent you money so often that I’ve lost track of how much you owe me. I think it is over NT$3,000.

厄尼、伯特和米妮在購物中心逛街。米妮沒有帶足夠的錢，所以她問她的朋友們能不能借她一些。 
米　妮： 對啊。我還少新台幣六百元。我可以跟你們借一些錢嗎？
厄　尼： 妳一定是在跟我開玩笑。妳上個月還欠我新台幣一千元。
伯　特： 妳也欠我錢。我借錢給妳太多次以致於都記不清妳欠我多少了。我想應該有超過新台幣三千元。


J: Jill　　W: Waiter
Jill is ordering at one of the most famous restaurants in Taipei.
W:Ma’am, you have ordered so much food. Will some friends be joining you?
J: No, I’m having dinner alone.
W:But you have ordered most of the dishes on the menu. Do you think it might be too much food?
J: No, I don’t. And I do know what I’ve ordered, thank you.
W:Very well.
J: Oh, can you serve the first course as soon as possible, please? I’m getting very hungry.
吉兒正在台北最有名的其中一間餐廳點餐。 
服務生：女士，您點了相當多的餐點。請問您要和朋友一同用餐嗎？ 
吉　兒：沒有，我自己一個人吃晚餐。 
服務生：但是您點了菜單上大部分的餐點。這些餐點會不會太多了？ 
吉　兒：不，不會。而且我確實知道我點了什麼，謝謝。 
服務生：好的。 
吉　兒：對了，請問第一道餐點可以盡快端上嗎？我真的非常餓。 

C: Cecilia　　M: Melvin
Cecilia and Melvin are walking around on the streets of Taipei.
C: Melvin! Watch out! You almost got hit by that car.
M: Thanks, Cecilia. You just saved my bacon.
C: What were you thinking? 
You didn’t even look before you tried crossing the street. 
Stop looking at Facebook and pay attention.
M: Oh, Cecilia, you are breaking my heart. 
Don’t be so cruel. 
I was just sending birthday wishes to my aunt.

西西莉亞和梅爾文在台北的街道上閒晃。
西西莉亞：梅爾文！小心！你差點就被車撞了！
梅爾文：謝了，西西莉亞。妳幫我脫離了險境。
西西莉亞：你在想什麼啊？
你在過馬路之前根本沒有在看路。
不要再看臉書了，要注意路況。
梅爾文：噢，西西莉亞，妳傷透了我的心。
別那麼嚴厲嘛。我剛剛只是在傳生日祝賀給我阿姨。 


It seems like 3D printing can be used to make almost anything. 
It can even help animals that have been wounded. 
Just look at Fred the tortoise.
Fred got his name from an animal charity in Brazil called Animal Avengers. 
After a forest fire, 
he was so badly burnt that he looked like a character from a horror movie. 
He lost most of his shell and the vet was thinking about putting him down. 
However, Animal Avengers decided to make him a new shell using a 3D printer.

看起來 3D 列印幾乎可以用來製作任何東西。
它甚至能幫助受傷的動物。看看陸龜佛萊德吧。
佛萊德的名字來自一個名為「動物復仇者」的巴西動物慈善團體。
在一場森林火災後，牠被燒傷的嚴重程度使牠看起來就像個恐怖電影中的角色。
牠失去了大部分的殼，獸醫還考慮要將牠安樂死。
然而，動物復仇者決定要用3D 列印機幫牠做一個新的殼。 


The simplest 3D printers usually use some type of plastic. 
The machine heats up the plastic and prints layers of it into a 3D object. 
The plastic then becomes hard as it cools. 
However, some special printers can use metal, glass, 
and even living cells. 
Almost anything can be made from the right materials by using 
a computer and a special 3D printer. 
Engineers and large companies have used 3D printing for years, 
but it has only recently become available to everyone.

最簡單的 3D 列印機通常使用某種類型的塑膠。
機器將塑膠加熱並層層印成一個 3D 的物件。
之後當塑膠冷卻時它就變堅固了。
然而，有些特別的列印機可以使用金屬、玻璃，甚至是活細胞。
只要用一台電腦和一台特殊的 3D 列印機，
幾乎所有東西都能被用正確的材質製作出來。
工程師們及大型公司已經使用 3D 列印機好幾年了，
但它最近才開始變得人人都可以使用。 

Doctor Stephen Strange is one of the world's greatest brain surgeons. 
He is amazingly talented, but he is also rude and proud to a fault. 
After a terrible car accident which almost takes his life, 
his world is turned upside down. 
Strange then goes on a journey around the world to fi nd a way to heal his body. 
Doctor Strange meets a very powerful sorcerer called the 
Ancient One while on his travels. 
At first, Strange does not believe in magic powers. 
But then the Ancient One shows him magical forces that are beyond his wildest imagination.

史蒂芬•史傳奇醫生是世上最傑出的腦外科醫師之一。
他的天分很驚人，但是他也既魯莽又過於驕傲。
在一場幾乎奪去他性命的嚴重車禍後，
他的世界被顛覆了。
史傳奇接著展開了環遊世界的旅程以找出治好他身體的方法。
奇異博士在旅行途中遇到了一位名為「古一」的法力高強魔法師。
起初，史傳奇不相信魔法的存在。
但是後來古一對他施展了遠超出他所能想像的魔法。

A: Alvin S: Silvia T: Travel Agent
Alvin and Silvia are meeting with a travel agent to help them plan an upcoming vacation.
T: Hello. How can I help you today?
S: Hi. We are looking to go to Fiji for a couple of weeks and would like some help booking flights and hotels.
T: OK. Let me check what we’ve got. Do you have specific dates in mind or are you flexible?
A: Both of us have a ton of vacation time in February, so anytime is fine.

爾文和席薇亞正和一位旅行社人員見面，請他幫忙計畫即將到來的假期。
旅行社人員：哈囉。今天有什麼我可以幫忙你們的地方嗎？
席薇亞：嗨。我們想要去斐濟度假幾個禮拜，希望能得到一些訂航班和飯店的幫助。
旅行社人員：好的。讓我查查看我們有些什麼。你們心中有一個確切的日期了還是任何時間都可以呢？
艾爾文：我們兩個二月都有一堆休假時間，所以任何時間都沒問題。 


T: Tammy　　J: Jimmy
Tammy and Jimmy are now at the peak of Lion Mountain.
J: I'm really glad we came here. This is an amazing view of the ocean.
T: Yes, I don't know if I've ever seen anything as beautiful as this.
Jimmy, where are our cameras?
Let's snap some pictures.
J: Oh, darn! I remembered to grab your boots, 
but I forgot the cameras in our hotel room. I'm sorry.

潭美和吉米現在在獅子山的頂峰。 
吉　米：我真的很開心我們來這裡了。這裡的海景真棒。 
潭　美：是呀，我不知道我以前有沒有看過跟這裡一樣漂亮的地方。吉米。 
我們的相機在哪裡？咱們來拍些照吧。 
吉　米：喔，討厭！我記得拿了妳的靴子，但我忘了帶留在我們飯店房間裡的相機。對不起。 


T: Tammy　　J: Jimmy
Tammy and Jimmy have just arrived in Mauritius.
T: After all of that time in the ocean, we will need a break.
J: I agree. After the bay, we can go to Flic en Flac. 
It is a quiet little fishing village on the west side of the island. 
We can take it easy, relax on the beach, and watch the sunset.
T: That's a great idea, as long as you buy me 
a couple of fruity drinks with little umbrellas in them.

潭美和吉米剛抵達模里西斯。
潭　美：在海上度過這些時光後，我們需要休息一下。
吉　米：我同意。玩完藍灣後，我們可以去弗力克昂弗
雷克。它是這座島上西邊的一個寧靜小漁村。
我們可以輕鬆一下、在海邊放鬆休息，而且可以欣賞夕陽。
潭　美：這是個好主意，只要你買幾杯上面有放小雨傘的果香濃郁飲料給我喝就好。 

People who are totally into cuteness 
should go check out Siku the baby polar bear online. 
Born in November 2011, 
Siku has become a worldwide sensation, 
with viral videos and thousands of Facebook fans. 
Siku, whose name means ice in Greenlandic, 
lives at the Scandinavian Wildlife Park in Denmark. 
The zookeepers responsible for his care have been 
posting pictures of the adorable little furball 
on his Facebook page, along with videos and updates.

熱衷於可愛事物的人都該上網看看這隻名叫Siku的北極熊寶寶。
出生於2011年十一月的Siku已經轟動全球，
不但網路上四處流傳各種與牠有關的影片，
就連Facebook上都有成千上萬的粉絲。
Siku住在位於丹麥的斯堪地納維亞野生動物園裡，
其名字在格陵蘭語中意指「冰」。
負責照料Siku的動物園工作人員都會將這個可愛小毛球的照片、
影片和最新近況發表在牠Facebook的粉絲頁面上。 

W: Winifred　　S: Sven
Sven just flew into Taipei and Winifred is taking him to a local rechao for dinner.
S: Thanks, for taking me out to eat. I’m starving after such a long flight, and I can’t wait to see what you’ve ordered. Cheers!
W: Cheers! It’s my pleasure.
S: I noticed that you picked up your glass with both hands when you drank a toast.
W: You’re right. In Taiwan, it’s considered polite to put one hand on the bottom of the glass when you offer someone a toast.

斯凡才剛飛抵台北，威妮芙德正要帶他去當地熱炒店吃晚餐。 
斯　凡： 謝謝妳帶我出來吃飯。在搭了這麼長的航班後我都要餓壞了，我等不及要看妳點了些什麼菜。乾杯！ 
威妮芙德： 乾杯！這是我的榮幸。 
斯　凡： 我發現妳在敬酒的時候用兩隻手拿起了妳的玻璃杯。 
威妮芙德： 你說對了。在台灣，當你要敬別人酒時，用一隻手托住玻璃杯底部是被認為有禮貌的。 

Shops that sell medicine and herbal cures have been around for thousands of years. 
However, the modern day drugstore that sells everything from prescription drugs 
to cleaning supplies started in America in the 1870s. 
At that time, many people still got medicine directly from their doctor. 
In order to make money, 
drugstores had to start selling general goods like soap, 
cosmetics, candy, books, and magazines. 
Today's big chain drugstores like Watsons can be found all over the world

專門販賣藥品和草藥的商店已經存在了數千年。
然而，現代藥妝店從 1870 年代的美國開始販賣從處方藥到清潔用品等所有物品。
在那個時候，許多人還是直接從醫生那裡取得藥物。
為了賺錢，
藥妝店必須開始販賣一般性商品如肥皂、化妝品、糖果、書籍和雜誌。
今日在世界各地都能找到像屈臣氏一樣的大型連鎖藥妝店。 

S: Sarah　　P: Pedro　　C: Clerk
Sarah and Pedro are in a drugstore but they are having trouble finding the things that they need.
S: Excuse me, sir. We're having trouble finding a few things.
C: I would be glad to help. What are you looking for?
P: Well, I have a bad cold. Could you point me in the direction of the cough and cold medicine, please?
C: Sure, over-the-counter cold and flu medicine is in aisle 10 next to the bandages, 
and if you have a prescription, there is a pharmacy at the back.

莎拉和佩卓在一間藥妝店裡，但他們找不到需要的東西。
莎　拉：不好意思，先生。我們找不到一些東西。
店　員：我很樂意幫忙。你們在找什麼呢？
佩　卓：嗯，我得了重感冒。可以請你指出哪個方向有咳嗽感冒藥嗎？
店　員：好的，非處方感冒藥在第十走道的繃帶旁邊，另外如果你有醫師處方箋，在後方有藥局。 

In 2013, S.H.E, Taiwan's most famous girl group, 
worked closely with Mika Ninagawa to create an impressive collection of photographs for Vogue. 
In March this year, 
they worked together once again. 
This time, it was to create an exciting photo exhibition, 
which was held at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Taipei. 
The photographs at the exhibit captured the natural beauty 
of the three women as they posed among hundreds of different colored flowers.

2013 年，S.H.E，台灣最有名的女子團體，
和蜷川實花密切合作，
為《Vogue》雜誌拍攝了一組令人印象深刻的照片。
今年三月，她們又再次合作。
這次，是為了舉辦一場令人興奮的攝影展，
在台北當代藝術館舉行。
在展覽會場的照片捕捉了三位女子在數百朵不同顏色花朵中擺出姿勢的自然美。 


Mika Ninagawa is Japan's most popular photographer. 
She was born in 1972 and graduated from Tama Art University, 
Tokyo, in 1997. 
Today, she lives and works in Tokyo. 
Ninagawa is famous for her brightly colored photographs of flowers and goldfish. 
In addition, 
she is known for her landscapes that capture traditional 
Japanese images with a modern style. 
Ninagawa also takes pictures of international stars. 
Her work is seen almost everywhere in Japan.

蜷川實花是日本最受歡迎的攝影師。
她出生於 1972 年，
並在 1997 年畢業於東京的多摩美術大學。
今日，她住在東京，也在東京工作。
蜷川以她鮮豔多彩的花和金魚的照片聞名。
此外，她也以用現代風格捕捉傳統日本風景照的攝影風格聞名。
蜷川也為國際影星拍照。
她的作品在日本幾乎到處可見。

Like all flying machines, 
the Airlander 10 needs lift to fly. 
It gets lift from three different places. 
First, the huge aircraft is filled with helium gas, 
which helps it float like a balloon. 
Second, the Airlander 10 uses wings like an airplane, 
which give it lift and help it to fly straight. 
Finally, the aircraft uses propellers like a helicopter that let it fly in any direction. 
It can also take off and land from any flat surface, 
so it does not need a nway.

就像所有的飛行機一樣，
Airlander10 也需要浮力才得以飛行。
它從三個不同地方來取得浮力。
首先，這個巨大的飛行器充滿了氦氣，
這幫助它能像氣球一樣飄浮。
再者，Airlander 10 運用了像飛機一樣的機翼，
這能夠帶給它浮力並幫助它直線飛行。
最後，這個飛行器還具備了像直升機般的螺旋槳讓它可以朝任何方向飛行。
它也可以從任何平坦的表面起飛和降落，
所以它不需要用到飛機跑道。 

E: Evan　　 D: Danielle
Evan and Danielle are still in the coffee shop looking over Evan’s finished screenplays.
E: Here’s one about a young man who fights with a sword and a magic force, but it happens in space!
D: Star Wars already used that idea, but don’t give up just yet. Let’s look at your last one.
E: This one? Oh, it’s just a baseball movie. There are so many baseball movies.
D: Hmm... This looks really interesting! It’s funny, and I love the goat. It’s a great addition.

艾凡和丹妮爾還在咖啡店裡瀏覽艾凡完成的劇本。
艾　凡：這個是有關一個用劍和魔法力量戰鬥的年輕人，但是它發生在宇宙間！
丹妮爾：《星際大戰》已經用了這個點子，但不要就這樣放棄。咱們來看看你的最後一部。
艾　凡：這個？喔，這只是一部有關棒球的電影。已經有很多棒球電影了。
丹妮爾：嗯..這看起來真的很有趣！它很好笑，而我很喜歡那隻山羊。這真是錦上添花。 

E: Evan D: Danielle
Evan is working on the computer in a coffee shop when Danielle joins him.
D: What are you doing, Evan?
E: I’m working on a screenplay.
D: Really? I didn’t know you were a screenwriter!
E: Well, I’ve finished a couple, but I haven’t sold anything yet. I don’t think that counts.
D: Sure it does! It’s no small thing to finish a screenplay. The movie business is tough!
E: Yeah, I’ve noticed. Most of the time, directors don’t even reply when I send them a screenplay.
當艾凡正坐在咖啡店裡使用電腦工作時，丹妮爾加入他的行列。
丹妮爾：你在做什麼，艾凡？
艾　凡：我正在寫一個劇本。
丹妮爾：真的嗎？我都不知道你還是個編劇呢！
艾　凡：嗯，我已經完成了幾部作品，但是我目前還沒有賣出任何一部。我不認為那件事情很重要。
丹妮爾：當然重要！能完成一個劇本不是一件小事。電影產業是很辛苦的！
艾　凡：是呀，我也發現了。大多時候，我寄劇本給導演時，他們都不會寫信回覆。 

When thinking about who produces movies, 
we often think about movie stars or directors first. 
We rarely think about the people who write the movie─the screenwriters. 
Screenwriters create the stories that directors use and 
the dialogues that actors say. 
A movie often begins as a screenwriter’s idea, 
which a movie studio will buy and decide to make into a movie. 
In some cases, the director of a movie is also the screenwriter.

我們想到製作電影的人時，
我們通常會先想到電影明星或導演。
我們鮮少想到為電影撰寫故事的人──編劇。
編劇創造故事給導演，寫給演員講的台詞。
一部電影通常始於編劇的一個想法，
而電影製片公司會買下這個想法然後決定製作成一部電影。
在有些情況下，電影的導演也同時是編劇。 


Have you ever heard someone swear that 
the city’s sewers are full of alligators? 
How about the one about the woman who 
found a rat in her fastfood sandwich? 
These stories always seem to come from 
a friend who heard it from a friend. 
They are urban legends —— 
amazing stories that are thought to be true but are fake. 
Urban legends are basically made-up stories. 
No one seems to know how, or where, 
or why they start. 
One person tells another who tells yet another, 
and so on.

你有聽過某人信誓旦旦說城市的下水道滿是短吻鱷嗎？
你還有聽過有關一個女人在她的速食三明治裡發現一隻老鼠的故事嗎？
這些故事似乎總是來自一個從朋友口中聽到的朋友。
這些故事就是都會傳奇，
也就是被認為是真的卻其實是捏造的精采故事。
都會傳奇基本上是虛構的故事。
似乎沒人知道它們是如何、在哪裡，
及為何被開始編出來。
一個人說給另一個人聽，
然後再告訴另一個人，
諸如此類。 

Every year, 
tourists from all over the world flock to Southeast Asia for the sun, 
beaches, and of course the elephants. 
However, most people don't realize the level of pain 
that a wild elephant must go through to give rides. 
Elephants must first be caught in the wild. 
Then, through cruel beatings and punishment, 
trainers are able to get them to carry people. 
Carrying people for hours every day is hard on the elephants. 
Events much like this led to the creation of World Animal Day, 
which takes place on October 4.

每年，
遊客從世界各地蜂擁而至東南亞只為了陽光、
沙灘，當然還有大象。
然而，多數人並不了解野生大象為了提供騎乘服務所必須承受的痛苦程度。
大象首先必須在野外被捕獲。
然後，經過殘忍的鞭打和處罰，馴象師才能夠讓牠們載運人類。
每天花數小時載運人類對大象是十分有害的。
諸如此類的事件促使了每年十月四日世界動物日的創立。 


The protection of the world’s rainforests is one of the top environmental problems today. 
The wide range of plant species in the Amazon Rainforest is the greatest on Earth.
This is important for a number of reasons. 
For one, plants are what keep our air clean. 
For another, those plants support all the birds, 
insects, and mammals that live there, 
and some of them remain undiscovered by humans.

全球雨林的保護行動是今日最重要的環境議題之一。
亞馬遜雨林中廣泛的植物種類是地球上最豐富的。
而這之所以重要的原因有幾個： 
首先，植物能保持空氣乾淨清新。
再者，植物能提供住在其中的鳥類、
昆蟲和哺乳類的生活所需，
而有部分植物還尚未被人類發現。 


S: Sarah　　J: Joe
Joe and Sarah are hiking Table Mountain.
S: Wow! Look at that view! You can see the whole city from here.
J: Yeah, look at the ocean. It just goes on forever. And if you look this way...
S: Joe, doesn’t that look like a table?
J: It does. We’re going to have lunch on top of Table Mountain. 
I’ve ordered some fresh seafood, some grilled meats, and the local wine is amazing.
S: Aww. That’s so sweet.
J: I have another surprise for you.

阿喬和莎拉正在桌山健行。
莎　拉：哇！看看這個風景！你從這裡可以看到整座城市。
阿　喬：是啊，望一望這片大海。它就像永無止境一樣。然後如果妳這樣看..
莎　拉：阿喬，那看起來不就像一張桌子嗎？
阿　喬：是啊。我們即將要到桌山的頂端享用午餐。
我已點了一些新鮮的海鮮、一些烤肉，而且當地的葡萄酒棒透了。
莎　拉：噢。你真貼心。
阿　喬：我還有準備另一份驚喜給妳。 

J:Janet 　　S:Sylvester
Janet and Sylvester have been assigned to a group together for a class project, 
and they need to decide who will do what.
J: This is the first time we’ve worked together, 
so it’s a good idea to get organized.
S: I agree. I think it’s probably best if we each take a section.
J: That’s a good idea. Our topic is the rings of Saturn. 
Is there something about the rings that interests you?

珍娜和席維斯被分成一組一起做課堂報告，他們需要決定誰做什麼。 
珍　娜： 這是我們第一次一起合作，所以有條理的分工是好主意。
席維斯： 我同意。我想如果我們各自負責一部份可能最好。 
珍　娜： 那真是好主意。我們的主題是土星環。關於土星環你有什麼比較感興趣的嗎？ 


Sonita Alizadeh was only 16 years old 
when her parents first told her that 
they had arranged for her to be married to an older man. 
Her would-be husband had promised to pay US$7,000 
for her hand in marriage. 
Alizadeh’s family was poor and really needed 
this money in order to pay for Sonita’s older brother’s wedding. 
When Sonita heard that she had to marry a complete stranger, 
she was heartbroken. 
Alizadeh took these emotions and recorded a rap music video called 
“Brides for Sale” as a way of rejecting the tradition 
of arranged marriages in Afghanistan.

索妮塔 •阿里扎德十六歲時第一次從父母
那裡得知他們已經安排她嫁給一位較年長的男性。
她的準夫婿承諾將給付七千美元來娶她。
阿里扎德家裡很窮，
極需要這筆錢以用來支付索妮塔哥哥的婚禮。
索妮塔聽到自己必須嫁給一個完全不認識的人時，
她非常的傷心。
阿里扎德整理這些情緒以錄製一首歌名為《待售新娘》的音樂錄影帶，
以此作為抵制阿富汗的家長安排婚姻傳統的方式。 

World Car Free Day is on September 22. 
On this day, 
people are encouraged to travel by bicycle, 
use mass transportation, 
or walk to any place they need to go to.
Once they do this for one day, 
they realize that it's not so bad. 
Then, maybe some people will make every day a car-free day. 
Once more people do it, 
pollution will go down, 
and the world will be better.

九月二十二日是世界無車日。
這一天，人們被鼓勵改騎腳踏車、
使用大眾運輸工具或是以走路的方式到達自己需要前往的任何地方。
一旦人們嘗試了一天不開車，
他們就會了解這其實也還滿不錯的。
那麼，或許有些人便會讓每天都成為無車日。
一旦更多人這麼做，汙染就會減少，
而世界將變得更美好。 


People from many different backgrounds apply for jobs at the agency each year. 
Not everyone is a James Bond-style secret agent, 
traveling the world and stopping terrorist plots. 
Those that do, however, 
will train at a place called Camp Peary in Virginia, 
also known as "The Farm."
Anyone who ends up becoming a Non-Official Cover agent, or NOC, 
must have a very special set of skills. 
In short, they must be able to get information to 
their directors without getting found out.

每年都有許多來自不同背景的人申請在中情局工作。
但不是每個人都是像詹姆斯•龐德一樣的秘密探員，
能夠環遊世界並阻止恐怖份子的陰謀。
然而，能夠執行那樣工作的人會在維吉尼亞州一
個叫做皮爾里營的地方進行訓練，
此地也被通稱為「農莊」。
最後成為非官方臥底探員（或簡稱 NOC）的人必須具備自己一套特殊技能。
簡單來說，他們必須要能在不被發現的前提下為他們的上級取得情報。


They are everywhere and nowhere. 
When bad guys are planning to do bad things, 
they are most often the ones trying to upset those plans. 
They are the men and women of the Central Intelligence Agency,
known to most simply as the CIA. T
he history of the CIA goes all the way back to the end of World War II. 
The United States was drawn into the war by the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. 
The Americans had not seen the attack coming, 
and President Harry Truman did not want such a thing happening again. 
So, in 1947, he signed the National Security Act, 
setting up the CIA.

他們無所不在且行蹤隱密。
壞人打算做壞事時，
他們通常都是最會擾亂壞人計劃的人。
他們是中央情報局（Central Intelligence Agency）、
或是簡稱為中情局（CIA）裡的男女成員。
中情局的歷史可以一路追溯到第二次世界大戰的尾聲。
美國因為日本攻擊珍珠港的事件而被捲進這場戰爭，
該襲擊讓美國人措手不及。
而美國總統哈瑞 •杜魯門不願讓這樣的事件再度發生。
1947年時，他簽署了國家安全法案，
創立了中情局。 

J: Jenny　　V: Vince
Jenny and Vince have just arrived in Chicago for a friend’s wedding, so they need to rent a car to get around.
J: Is this it?
V: Let me check. Yup. This is the license plate number the rental agent gave me.
J: But it’s so small. Are we even going to fit inside?
V: It’ll be fine. It’s not that much smaller than our car at home. It just has two doors instead of four.

珍妮和文斯剛剛抵達芝加哥準備參加朋友的婚禮，因此他們需要租一輛車行動。
珍　妮： 是這輛嗎？
文　斯： 我看看。對。這是租車人員給我的車牌號碼。
珍　妮： 但這輛車好小。我們擠得下嗎？
文　斯： 應該沒問題。它並沒有比我們家裡的車小太多。它只是有兩個車門而不是四個。 

While working at Disney, Burton developed his skills as an artist and animator. His work on hit movies such as Tron and the 1978 animated film The Lord of the Rings earned him the respect of movie executives throughout Hollywood. Then, in 1985, Burton directed his first major movie, Pee-wee’s Big Adventure. Even though the movie had a small budget, it was a surprise hit at the box office and made a huge amount of money. Audiences loved the strange lead character and weird movie sets.
波頓在迪士尼工作時，培養了當藝術家和動畫師的技能。他的熱門電影像是《電子世界爭霸戰》和1978年的動畫電影《魔戒》贏得整個好萊塢電影製作人的敬重。然後，1985年時，波頓指導了他的第一部重要電影《皮威歷險記》。雖然該片製作成本小，但票房出乎意料的賣座，賺了一大筆錢。觀眾喜愛奇怪的主角和怪異的電影場景。

When Tim Burton, 
the famous Hollywood movie director, 
was growing up, 
most of his classmates thought that 
he was a little strange. 
Burton was happy being by himself, 
though , and passed thetimed rawing 
cartoons and reading hundreds of books.
Burton's parents were always very busy 
and did not like to waste money. 
Instead of paying a babysitter, 
they would send him to the local movie theater that 
only charged 50 cents to watch several old sci-fior horror movies.

在知名的好萊塢電影導演提姆•波頓成長的過程中，
他大多數的同學都覺得他有一點古怪。
儘管如此，波頓對於獨處感到很愉悅，
並在繪製卡通與閱讀數百本書籍中消磨時光。
波頓的父母總是非常忙碌，
而且不喜歡浪費金錢。
他們將他送去當地僅收費五十美分的電影院觀
看一些老掉牙的科幻或恐怖片來代替付錢請保姆。


G: Gwen　　J: Jerry　　R: Ross
Gwen and Jerry are shopping for a new air conditioner, but the model they want is sold out, 
so Ross tries to sell them a different one.
G: I don’t see it, honey. I’ve looked everywhere.
J: Me neither. We should ask a salesperson. Oh, here’s someone. Excuse me!
R: Hey there, folks. What can I do for you today?
G: We’re looking for the Permafrost 6000. Our air conditioner is broken, and we need a new one.

小關和傑瑞正要買一台新的冷氣機，但他們想要的型號已經賣完了，所以羅斯試著要把一台不同型號的冷氣機賣給他們。
小　關： 我沒看見耶，親愛的。我到處都找過了。
傑　瑞： 我也沒找到。我們應該問問銷售員。喔，這邊有個人。不好意思！
羅　斯： 嗨，你們好。我今天能幫你們什麼忙？
小　關： 我們在找永凍六千。我們的冷氣機壞了，需要一台新的。

Dirk Regter and his wife like adventure. 
One day, they decided to drive Regter’s car, 
a 1919 Model T, around the world and collect money for charity. 
The Dutch couple started their trip in 2012, 
and they first went from the Netherlands to South Africa in 180 days. 
Even though they drove a car that is almost 100 years old, 
there was no trouble. 
In 2013, Regter and his wife visited North America. 
For 180 days, they covered 22 states and 17,000 miles. 
In the US, however, they got a flat tire and broken alternator.

德克•雷特和他的妻子喜歡冒險。
有一天，他們決定駕駛雷特的車 
── 1919 年款福特 T 型車 ── 
環球世界和為慈善機構募款。
這對荷蘭夫婦在 2012 年展開他們的旅程，
一開始於一百八十天內從荷蘭前往南非。
即使他們駕駛將近一百年的車，也沒有問題。
2013 年，雷特和他的妻子造訪北美洲。
一百八十天裡，
他們走遍二十二州和一萬七千英里。
然而，他們在美國時發生車子爆胎和發電機損壞的情形。 



Steve and Amy are chatting after the autographsigning event.
S: It was almost a trouble-free day.
A: Yes, for a moment there, I was a bit worried, but you came over as soon as I raised my hand.
S: Well, I know that your fans really want to be next to you. 
   When someone takes a picture with you and won’t let you go, it’s my job to handle the problem.
A: The man was so nice, and he said I was his favorite singer of all time.

在簽名會活動結束之後，史提夫和艾咪正在聊天。 
史提夫： 那幾乎是毫無麻煩的一天。 
艾　咪： 是啊，有一度我有一點擔心，但我一舉手你就過來了。 
史提夫： 嗯，我知道妳的粉絲真的很想要接近妳。有人與妳照相卻不讓妳走時，我的職責就是處理問題。 
艾　咪： 那名男子非常親切，而且他說我是他有史以來最喜愛的歌手。

S: Steve　　A: Amy
Steve is making sure Amy does not get into any trouble at an autograph signing.
A: OK. I know you are only concerned about my safety.
S: I’d like to prep you a little bit more. If there is anyone acting strange, 
just put your hand up in the air and I’ll be right there.
A: No problem.
S: Also, if you feel you are in danger, don’t be afraid to get up and walk away. 
I’ll deal with all your fans afterwards.

史提夫正在確保艾咪在簽名會不致於惹上任何麻煩。 
艾　咪： 好。我知道你只是擔憂我的安危。 
史提夫： 我想要妳做多一點準備。假如有任何人表現異常，
就將妳的手高舉在空中，我就會立刻出現。 
艾　咪： 沒問題。 
史提夫： 還有，假如妳感到身處危險，不要害怕起身離開。
我會在那之後應付妳所有的粉絲。 


A bodyguard's job is to protect a person at all costs. 
Usually, the people that need bodyguards are important, 
such as heads of state, celebrities, or the super rich. 
These people need others to make sure they do not get killed, 
kidnapped, or hurt.
People believe that being a bodyguard is very exciting 
because that is how it looks in Hollywood movies. 
In fact, it is actually a boring job. 
Bodyguards spend most of their time planning routes, 
doing background checks on guests, 
and leading their clients to their day-to-day activities.

保鑣的工作是不計任何代價保護一個人。
通常需要保鑣的人是重要人物，
例如一國元首、名人或者超級富豪。
這些人需要其他保鑣確保他們不會遭到殺害、綁架或傷害。
人們認為擔任一位保鑣很刺激，
因為這是在好萊塢電影中所見的。
事實上，這其實是份無聊的差事。
保鑣花大部份的時間規劃路線、
對訪客做背景調查以及帶領他們的客戶出席每日的活動。 



S: Samantha
W: Wilson
M: Maureen
Samantha has been waiting for a drink and a snack from the flight attendant, 
Wilson, and complains to the head flight attendant, Maureen.
S: Hey, you! You there!
W: Oh, no! I'm so sorry, ma'am. I forgot your snack! I'll be right back.
S: I'm not letting you leave before you tell me what took so long.
W: Well, I'm very sorry, but one of the passengers had an emergency.
S: What kind of emergency? I could be starving, you know!

莎曼珊等空服員威爾森送飲料和點心來等了老半天，然後跟座艙長瑪琳抱怨。
莎曼珊：嘿，你來一下。那邊那位！
威爾森：喔，糟了。我很抱歉，女士。我忘了您的點心了！我馬上回來。
莎曼珊：在你告訴我為何讓我等那麼久之前，我是不會讓你走的。
威爾森：嗯，對不起，但是有位乘客有緊急狀況。
莎曼珊：什麼樣的緊急狀況？你要知道，我可是會餓壞的！ 

In the new movie Nine Lives, 
Tom Brand is a successful businessman 
focusing on building the tallest building in North America. 
His love for business has made him rich 
beyond his wildest dreams, 
but sadly, not the best husband or father. 

One day, Brand rushes to buy his daughter 
a last-minute gift for her 11th birthday.

A mysterious pet shop owner sells Brand a cat, 
and before he knows it, 
he is trapped inside the cat’s body. 
The pet shop owner tells Brand that 
he has one week to connect with his 
family again or he will stay as a cat forever.

在新電影《我的老爸喵星人》中，
湯姆•布萊德是個專注於建造北美最高大樓的商業大亨。
他對事業的熱愛造就了他連做夢都想不到的富裕，
但遺憾的是，那並沒有使他成為最棒的丈夫或爸爸。
有一天，布萊德趕在他女兒十一歲生日的最後關頭去買她的生日禮物。
一位神秘的寵物店老闆賣給布萊德一隻貓，
而在他發現之前，他已經被困在那隻貓的身體裡面了。
寵物店老闆告訴布萊德，
他有一週的時間可以再次跟他的家人好好相處，
否則他就要永遠當一隻貓了。 


Imagine a world where people live in cities behind tall walls. 
Outside those walls are giant creatures called the Titans
— monsters set on destroying mankind. 
This is the scary world of the popular manga Attack on Titan. 
Attack on Titan first appeared in 2009 in a popular 
Japanese magazine and has since spread all over the world. 
At first, the story follows Eren, his adopted sister Mikasa, 
and his friend Armin. They all join the army to fight the Titans 
after they are attacked by the huge humanoids.

想像一個世界，在這個世界裡，人們居住在高牆後的城市中。
在這些高牆外有著被稱為巨人的巨大生物 ── 
決心要摧毀人類的怪物。這便是廣受歡迎的漫畫《進擊的巨人》中可怕的世界。
2009 年，《進擊的巨人》首度於一本流行的日本雜誌中出現，
且自那時起便已遍及全球各地。
起初，該故事跟隨著艾連、他的義姊米卡莎以及他的好友阿爾敏一同展開。
在他們被這些超大人形生物攻擊之後，
他們全都加入軍隊以對抗巨人。 

One night when Nina was heading home after 
a late-night party, 
she felt like someone was following her. 
The strange thing was that she didn’t see anyone 
at all whenever she looked back. 
This made her feel frightened. 
Alone and terribly scared, 
she walked faster and faster until she reached 
a convenience store along the way and went in. 
While in the store, 
Nina kept looking outside and tried to 
figure out what in the world was going on behind her.

某天晚上，妮娜在午夜派對結束後返家時，
覺得好像有人在跟蹤她。
奇怪的是，每當她回頭看時，
她根本連一個人影都沒看到。
這讓她嚇壞了。獨自一人又感到很害怕，
她愈走愈快，直到抵達在沿途的一家便利商店並走了進去。
在商店裡時，妮娜不停往外看，
想要弄清楚一路上在她背後究竟發生了什麼事。



You are on vacation, 
and are looking to pick up a few souvenirs. 
Some might be for you, 
and others might be for friends. 
Where do you go? 
You head for a gift shop, of course. 
A gift shop is a place where you can buy all kinds of stuff. 
A good gift shop has T-shirts, mugs, postcards, 
calendars, books, models, statues, and toys – 
just about anything you can name. 
All of these things will be related to the 
place you are visiting in some way. 
A gift shop in Cairo, for example, 
will have everything that is related to the pyramids. 
You get the idea.

你正在度假，然後打算買些紀念品。
有些可能是要給你自己的，
而其他可能是要給朋友的。
你會去哪裡？
你當然要去禮品店。
禮品店是一個你可以買到各種東西的地方。
一間好的禮品店有短袖運動衫、馬克杯、明信片、
日月曆、書、模型、雕像和玩具 —— 
也就是差不多任何你講得出來的東西。
所有這些東西在某方面都與你正在參觀的地方有關聯。
例如，開羅禮品店的所有東西都會有跟金字塔有關。
你懂我的意思。 

H: Horatio　　D: Debbie　　G: Gianna
Horatio wants to wire a large sum of money to his online girlfriend when the bank clerk stops him.
G: Your girlfriend lives in Bulgaria?
H: Yeah, her mother was just in a motorcycle accident, and she needs money for the hospital bills.
D: Have you ever actually met this woman, sir?
H: Well, not in person, but we’ve been chatting online for a whole six months. I have her photo on my phone, though.

赫瑞修想匯一大筆錢給他網路上的女友時，銀行行員阻止了他。
吉安娜： 您女朋友住在保加利亞？
赫瑞修： 對啊，她媽媽發生機車交通事故，她需要錢付醫藥費。
黛　比： 您真的有見過這位女子嗎，先生？
赫瑞修： 嗯，沒見過本人，但我們在網路上已經聊了整整六個月了。我手機裡有她的照片。 


Disneyland amusement parks are the biggest
and most famous amusement parks, 
but which amusement parks come in second? 
Those would be Universal Parks and Resorts. 
Sometimes called Universal Studios Parks, 
or just Universal, 
this amusement park company has been amazing 
people for almost as long as Disney has. 
In 2010, 
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter 
first opened in Universal’s 
Islands of Adventure 
theme park in Florida.

迪士尼樂園是規模最大且最具名氣的遊樂園，
但哪一座遊樂園是第二呢？
那應該是環球主題樂園及度假村。
有時候稱作環球影城（或僅僅一字Universal），
這個遊樂園公司一直以來不斷地帶給人們驚奇，
時間幾乎和迪士尼一樣久遠。
2010年，
《哈利波特的魔法世界》
首度在加州環球影城冒險島樂園開幕。 


Even though Doctors Without Borders 
does not pay their workers, 
and the work is dangerous, 
there are always more volunteers than 
there are positions available. 
Therefore, 
it is very difficult to be selected 
to work out in the field. 
Those that speak both Arabic and French are usually selected first, 
and volunteers must be willing to sign 
a contract for one year of service. 
We can all be thankful that Doctors 
Without Borders has people that 
care more about others than 
they do about money or themselves.

即使無國界醫生組織不會支付酬勞給工作人員，
而且這份工作又很危險，
但是總是有比空缺職位還要多的志工想來。
因此，
要被選中到外面現場工作很困難。
那些同時會說阿拉伯語和法語的人通常會首先獲選，
而且志工必須願意簽上一年的服務合約。
我們都該感謝無國界醫生有人在意其他人勝過他們的金錢或自己本身。


Doctors Without Borders was started by a few doctors and journalists in France back in 1971. They were shocked by how many difficulties people had in many developing countries. The organization believed that everyone should be able to receive proper medical care no matter where they were from. Now it has 30,000 volunteers who work in 60 countries. These include all types of medical professionals, engineers, and administration staff.
無國界醫生是由法國的一些醫生和新聞工作者於 1971 年所創辦的。他們對許多開發中國家的人民所遇到的困境感到震驚。該組織認為每個人都該受到適當的醫療照護，不論他們來自何處。該組織現在有三萬名志工在六十個國家工作。這些人包含了各種醫療專業人士、工程師及行政人員。


S: Stanley D: Dr. Nudelman N: Nurse Kilmore
Stanley goes to see the doctor about his sore throat and runny nose.
D: Hello, Stanley. How can I help you today?
S: Yeah, Doc, I’ve got this terrible cough, and my nose has been runny all day.
D: All right, then. Nurse Kilmore will take your temperature to see what we’re dealing with.
N: OK, Stanley, this will just take a second. Oh, my! His temperature is 40 degrees Celsius!

史丹利因喉嚨痛和流鼻水去看醫生。
醫　生：你好，史丹利。今天我可以幫你什麼嗎？
史丹利：是的，醫生，我咳嗽咳得很厲害，而且我整天都在流鼻水。
醫　生：好的。奇爾摩護士會幫你量體溫，來看看我們所要處理的問題是什麼。
護　士：好，史丹利，這只會花幾秒鐘而已。天呀！他體溫高達攝氏四十度！ 


Hi Tobi,
Here is our feedback on your questions:
1.	Is it possible to expand the format of the INI-file and to change the error codes?
A: Yes, we will follow your error code format.
2.	Are you passing the filename of the Test Plan / Test Document
A: No, If possible, we hope your console application can load the test plan automatically.
3.	Shall the test start automatically after the TestTool started?
A: Your test program shall remain idle until our program(SPIL program) call your test program.
     Please refer to the attachment.
4.	Would you like to have a menu inside the console application?
A: Is there a specific usage for the menu? If not, we would like you to remain the program clean and neat.

Thanks
Wayne


J: Johnny　　A: Angel
Johnny and Angel are on the ferry back from Alcatraz Island.
A: And look at the high waves on this water. I can’t believe anyone ever tried to escape from there. So, what are we doing next?
J: How about Lombard Street?
A: What’s there? Some good cafes?
J: No, silly. It’s the street with all the twists and turns.
A: I know which one you are talking about. Maybe we can take a cable car to get there.

強尼和安琪兒搭渡輪從惡魔島回來。
安琪兒：看看這海面上的大浪。我不相信有人曾從這裡逃出去。那麼，我們接下來要做什麼？
強　尼：去倫巴底街如何？
安琪兒：那裡有什麼？一些不錯的咖啡店？
強　尼：不，傻瓜。那是一充滿曲折的街。
安琪兒：我知道你說的那條街。或許我們可以搭纜車到那裡。 

In April, 
a new law was passed in Taipei 
that may help new mothers breastfeed 
their babies during work hours. 
The law requires that businesses with more 
than 100 people provide a baby-friendly room 
for moms to feed their babies. 
In addition to a place to feed their babies, 
companies are also required to give mothers 
time to feed their children if the 
children are under two years old.

四月時，
一項在台北通過的新法案可能可以幫助
新手媽媽在上班時間餵哺她們的嬰兒。
這項法案要求一百人以上的企業提供
媽媽們一間哺乳室來餵她們的嬰兒。
除了餵哺嬰兒的地方之外，
如果小孩低於兩歲，
公司也被要求要給媽媽餵哺小孩的時間。


San Francisco is simply one of the most exciting cities in the world. 
Going to visit San Francisco for a few days is a great way 
to experience some fun times. 
Of course, no trip to San Francisco would be complete 
without checking out the Golden Gate Bridge. 
This one-mile-long bridge was an amazing 
achievement of engineering when 
it was built between 1933 and 1937. 
Now, it is instantly noticeable from miles away 
and is the bridge that most people take pictures of anywhere.

舊金山是世上最令人興奮的城市之一。
去舊金山遊覽個幾天是體驗一段快樂時光很棒的方法。
當然，舊金山之旅一定要參觀金門大橋才能畫下完美句點。
這座一英里長的大橋建於 1933 年到 1937 年時，
是項驚人的工程成就。
現在，即使在幾英里之外，
金門大橋還是能立刻令人注意到，
而且它是座大部份人能從任何地方拍照的大橋。


Director and producer Steven Spielberg 
brings Roald Dahl’s classic children’s 
book The BFG to the silver screen this August. 
Dahl’s original novel tells the tale of an 
orphan girl named Sophie. 
She becomes friends with a giant named the Big Friendly Giant, 
also known as the BFG. 
They travel to the BFG’s homeland of 
Giant Country together. 
There, they go on adventures and try to 
avoid being eaten by the other much larger giants.

今年八月，身兼導演及製作人的史蒂芬•史匹柏將羅爾德•
達爾的經典童書《吹夢巨人》帶到大銀幕上。
達爾的原著小說描述的是有關一位名叫
蘇菲的孤兒的故事。
她和名叫「友善的大巨人」，又名BFG的巨人，
成為朋友。他們一起到BFG的家鄉「巨人國」旅行。
在那裡，他們經歷冒險，
而且要避免被其他更大的巨人吃掉。


G: Garrison P: Philip D: Dr.
Skully
Garrison and Philip walk into a clinic to give blood for those in need.
D: Are you two here to give blood?
P: Yes, we’re both here to give blood.
D: Great, fill in these forms and have a seat over there.
G: Sure. I hope this doesn’t take too long. I want to get back to watching the US Open.


蓋瑞森和菲力浦走進捐血中心，想捐血給需要的人。 
史考莉：你們兩個都要捐血嗎？ 
菲力浦： 對，我們都是來捐血的。 
史考莉： 太好了，那你們填寫完這些表格後到那邊坐一下。 
蓋瑞森： 沒問題。我希望這不用花太多時間。我想回去繼續看美國網球公開賽。

S: Stan　　C: Celine
Stan and Celine are working on some paperwork.
C: If you look here, Stan, you can see that your work is not divided fairly.
S: I don’t understand. My girlfriend and I each have the same number of things to do.
C: That’s true, but your girlfriend has much larger responsibilities. This might be a reason why she is unhappy.
S: Ah, I think I get it. I guess I could take a few of those things off her plate.
C: That would be a good start, but remember to be careful about what jobs you each do.

史丹和席琳正在看一些資料。
席　琳： 史丹，如果你看這裡的話，你就會發現你們的工作並沒有平均分配。
史　丹： 我不明白。我女朋友和我各自都有同樣多的事情要做。
席　琳： 那是沒錯，但你的女朋友所承擔的責任重大許多。這也許是她不高興的原因。
史　丹： 啊，我想我知道了。我想我可以替她分擔一些事情。
席　琳： 那會是一個好的開始，但記得謹慎分配你們各自從事的工作。 


S: Stan　　C: Celine
Stan is meeting with a motivational speaker named Celine.
S: My girlfriend and I have been having problems lately. I think I need your advice.
C: As you probably know, I usually speak about business. I don't know if I can help you with your relationship.
S: OK, but our problem is a business problem. We opened a restaurant together, and the stress of running the business is making us fi ght a lot.
C: I see. That's a common problem. I often suggest not mixing business with personal relationships.

史丹正與一位名叫席琳的勵志演說家會面。
史丹：我和我的女朋友最近有了一些問題。我想我需要妳的忠告。
席琳：你應該知道的，我通常談的是商務。我不曉得我能不能協助你的感情關係。
史丹：嗯，但我們的問題就是商務問題。我們一起開了一家餐廳，而經營一門生意的壓力讓我們經常吵架。
席琳：我明白了。那是相當常見的問題。我通常會建議不要將生意和感情關係混為一談。

Some motivational speakers come from difficult lives, 
such as surviving a disease or being born with a disability. 
These motivational speakers help their audience feel hopeful 
by showing people that anything is possible. 
Other motivational speakers are successful people who want to 
help others become successful, too. 
These speakers might be good at business, 
relationships, or some religion, 
but they all have something special to offer to their listeners.

有些勵志演講者生活處境困難，
好比從疾病中倖存或出生時有殘疾等。
這些勵志演講者藉由向大眾證明一切皆有可能發生，
好讓他們的觀眾感覺充滿希望。
其他的勵志演講者則是成功人士，
他們也想幫助其他人得到成就。
這些演講者可能善於經商、人際關係或宗教信仰，
不過他們皆有一些獨到之處以提供給他們的聽眾。 



A: Annabelle　　P: Pablo　　B: Blanche
Annabelle is being lectured by her parents for always being on her smartphone.
B: Annabelle, your father and I have become quite worried about your grades lately.
P: That’s right. We both think that you are spending far too much time on your smartphone and not on your studies.
A: Sorry, what? What were you saying?

安娜貝爾因為老是黏著她的智慧型手機而被她父母親教訓。
布蘭琪：安娜貝爾，我和妳爸最近很擔心妳的學業成績。
帕布羅：沒錯。我們都覺得妳花過多時間在妳的智慧型手機上而不是妳的學業。
安娜貝爾：不好意思，怎麼了？你們剛剛在說什麼？ 

One of Tezuka's most famous works is Astro Boy. 
The series followed a boy robot who fought against evil, 
and it was printed from 1952 until 1968. 
The plot is set in the distant future, 
in a world where robots and humans live side by side. 
In 1980, Astro Boy jumped to television and starred in 
his own anime series. 
Following Astro Boy's success, 
Tezuka moved on to his next series, 
Black Jack. Much like Astro Boy, 
Black Jack also made his way into TV and movies, 
which has made Tezuka well known to the world.

手塚最著名的作品之一是《原子小金剛》。
該系列描述一個打擊邪惡的小男孩機器人，
它於1952年至 1968 年間印製發行。
故事情節的背景是在遙遠的未來，
在一個機器人與人類一同生活的世界。
1980 年，原子小金剛躍上電視螢幕，
主演他自己的動畫系列。
在原子小金剛大獲成功之後，
手塚著手進行他下一部系列作品《怪醫黑傑克》。
與原子小金剛很相似，
怪醫黑傑克也打進電視與電影領域，
讓手塚成為全球家喻戶曉的人物。



Around the world, 
millions of people have stared at 
his artwork for hours. 
His characters have jumped off 
the page onto television and movie screens. 
He is so famous that he has been called 
the Japanese Walt Disney. 
This is Japan’s number one manga artist, 
Osamu Tezuka. 
When Tezuka was in his second year of elementary school, 
he began to draw comics. 
After World War II, 
Tezuka wanted to create manga as a way of 
educating people to care about the world. 
His first works, 
Diary of Ma-chan and New Treasure Island, 
started the golden age of manga.

世界各地數以百萬的人都緊盯著他的作品好幾個小時。
他筆下的角色從紙上躍上了電視及電影螢幕。
他很出名，因此被稱為日本的華特．迪士尼。
他是日本的頂尖漫畫家 ── 手塚治虫。
手塚在小學二年級時開始畫起漫畫。
二戰結束後，
手塚想要創作漫畫以作為教育人們關懷世界的一種方式。 
他的首兩部作品 
── 《小馬日記》與《新寶島》，
開啟了漫畫的黃金時代。


The latest trend in fitness centers 
is known as boot camp. 
Of course, these trendy boot camps are rather 
different from those of the army. 
One thing is that people pay a lot of money to join fitness boot camps.
 Even so, they perform military-style routines of simple 
yet tough exercises like running, push-ups, pull-ups, squats, 
and more. Most importantly, they have instructors pushing them hard, 
just like military officers. 
In addition, the large group of participants helps 
motivate everyone to try harder and not give up.

目前健身中心裡的最新風潮就是塑身新兵營了。
當然，這些新潮的新兵營和軍隊裡的可是大不相同。
其中一項不同之處就是人們會花大把銀子來參加塑身新兵營。
即便如此，他們仍奉行軍事化的例行訓練，
像是跑步、伏地挺身、拉單槓、蹲踞以及更多簡單卻費勁的運動。
最重要的是，他們的教練就像是軍官一樣，
會在背後強力鞭策他們。除此之外，
這樣一大群的學員還會激發彼此在運動時更加賣力、
更不輕言放棄。


萊恩和凱薩琳剛在他們最愛的港式飲茶餐廳就座。
萊　恩：這裡有無與倫比的蝦餃。
凱薩琳：真的。小籠包也好吃得要命。
萊　恩：那麼，妳想吃什麼？
凱薩琳：我很難決定耶。我們先點幾道，如果還餓的話我們再加點。
萊　恩： 聽起來不錯。我們也點壺綠茶吧。
R: Ryan 　　C: Catherine
Ryan and Catherine have just been seated at their favorite dim sum restaurant.
R: They have the most amazing shrimp dumplings here.
C: That’s true. The steamed pork buns are also to die for.
R: So, what are you having?
C: I’m having difficulty deciding. Let’s just get a few dishes to start, and then we can order more if we’re still hungry.
R: That sounds good. Let’s also order a pot of green tea.


Benedict Cumberbatch is a successful actor and 
film producer who was born in England in 1976. 
He is most famous for his television, radio, and theater performances. 
However, he is also well known for his charity work.
Cumberbatch’s parents and several other relatives were successful actors as well. 
In fact, his ancestors include King Richard III, 
who ruled England between 1483 and 1485. 
Interestingly, King Richard III is famous for 
being the subject of a play by William Shakespeare.

班奈狄克•康柏拜區在1976 年出生於英國，
是一位成功的演員和電影製作人。
他以電視、電台及劇場表演最為知名。
然而，他也以做慈善事業聞名。 
康柏拜區的父母及其他一些親戚也都是成功的演員。
事實上，他的祖先包括了理查三世，
理查三世在 1483 年到 1485 年間統治英格蘭。
有趣的是，理查三世以成為威廉•
莎士比亞一齣劇的主題而聞名。 


主旨:新專案開發

Sharon Mayer小姐您好:
我們計畫協助SmartInfo公司開始進行一項新專案。
如果可以的話，我希望能跟你見個面，
並聽聽您對此專案的意見，
請告知您方便的日期、時間，
以便我前往拜訪，期待您的回覆

敬啟

Subject:New development project

Dear Sharon Mayer,
We are planning to start working on a new development project for SmartInro.
If it is possible,I would like to see you to hear your opinion on the project,
please let me know when is convenient for you so that I can come to see you at the time.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely

We are planning to V 我們計畫做
work on 著手進行
if(it is)possible如果可以的話
I would like to see you to hear your opinion on我希望能跟你見面並聽你的意見


回復感謝信
We greatly appreciate your letter describing 
the assistance you received in solving 
your air-conditioning problems. 
We are now in our fifty year of operation, 
and we receive many letters like your indicating 
a high level of customer satisfaction with our installation. 
We are pleased that our technical staff assisted you so capably. 
We would like you to know that it you need to contact us 
at any time in the future. 
Our engineers will be equally responsive to your request for assistance. 
If we can be of service to you again, 
please let us know. Thank you again for your very kind letter. 

承蒙來信讚揚本公司提供的空調維修工程服務，
欣喜不已。
五年前開業至今，
屢獲客戶來函嘉獎，
本公司榮幸之至。
欣悉貴公司識技術人員的服務，
他日苛有任何需要，
亦請與本公司聯絡，
本公司定當提供優秀技師，
竭誠效勞。
在此謹再衷心感謝貴公司的讚賞，
並請繼續保持聯絡。


Thank you for your order no.464 of 20 september. 
The models you selected from our showroom went 
out today under my personal supervision.
The package is being airfreghted to you on swissair.
The relevant documentation is enclosce.
I enjoyed meeting yiu and hope that this order represents the 
beginning of a long and prosperous relationship between oiur companies. 
The next time you visit us ,
please let me know in advance so that 
I can arrange a luch for you with our derectors. 
Sincerely yours 

謝謝9月20日第464號定單。
今天我已新自監督發送您自展覽室挑選的產品。
該產品隨附有關檔經瑞士航空公司運送。 
很榮幸與你會面，
衷心希望是次定單能加強雙方的關係。
下次到訪前，煩請賜知，
俾能安排與本公司董事共進午餐。



E: Elena　　R: Robber　　P: Police
officer
Elena is on her cellphone as she walks to work when a mugger stops her.
R: Give me that necklace and that ring. Quickly!
E: I can’t give you this ring. It belonged to my mother. It’s priceless to me.
P: Freeze! Put the purse on the ground and place your hands in the air. Now!
R: Sorry, officer. I was just asking this lovely lady for directions.
E: No, he wasn’t. He was trying to robme.

艾琳娜邊講手機邊走路去上班的時候，有一個搶匪把她攔下來了。 
搶　匪： 把那條項鍊和戒指交出來。快！ 
艾琳娜： 我不能給你這枚戒指。那屬於我媽媽的。那對我來說是無價的。 
警　察： 不准動！把錢包放到地上，雙手舉高。快點！ 
搶　匪： 抱歉，警官。我正在向這位可愛的小姐問路。 
艾琳娜： 不，他不是。他試圖搶我的錢。 


The X-Files has returned to television 
recently after being off the air for more than 10 years. 
The two main characters, 
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, 
are still searching for clues of extra-terrestrial 
life all around America. 
In real life, the CIA just released thousands of 
classified documents from the 1940s to the 1960s 
about alien and UFO sightings in the US. 
Those people that think the government knows about and 
is hiding their proof of aliens might be disappointed.

X檔案》播映完畢十多年後，
最近重返電視螢幕。
兩位主角——福克斯•穆德和黛娜•史卡莉——依然在美國各地尋找外星生命的線索。
在現實生活中，
中央情報局公布了上千份從四○年代到六○年代有關外星人及幽浮目擊事件的機密檔案。
那些認為政府知情並隱藏外星人證據的人可能要失望了。 


歡迎新客戶:
Welcome to SPIL.
We are delighted to have you as one of our customers.
You can be sure that we will do everything in our power to merit your business. 
Our efforts always revolve around the needs of our customers.
If you have any special requests.
please let us know.
Thanks

歡迎來到矽品，我們很開心您能成為我們的客戶。
我們必定竭盡全力，不負所托。 
本公司的宗旨在於滿足客戶的需求
閣下如有任何要求，
還請告知。謝謝

The exact origin of fireworks is not known,
though most historians believe they began 
sometime in 7th century China. 
There, fireworks were invented to be used in celebrations. 
The Chinese believed that by setting off fireworks, 
they could drive away evil spirits and attract good fortune. 
Everyone from emperors to commoners could enjoy fireworks displays, 
and firework-making became an important profession. 
Today, fireworks can be seen across the globe during 
celebrations and even fireworks competitions.

煙火的確切起源沒人知道，
然而大部份的歷史學家認為煙火起始於第七世紀的中國。
在中國，煙火被發明來用在慶祝活動中。
中國人認為藉由放煙火，
他們可以趕走惡魔並帶來好運。
從皇帝到平民百姓，
每個人都可以欣賞煙火表演，
而且煙火製造也成為了一項重要職業。
如今，煙火在全球各地的慶祝活動以及甚至是煙火競賽裡都看得到。 


What do the theme songs from the movies 
The Little Mermaid, The Beatles' Yellow Submarine, 
and Jimmy Buffet's Fins have in common? 
All three of these songs are about being underwater, 
and they were played at an underwater concert in Florida last year. 
At the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary, 
a boat with waterproof speakers on the bottom of 
it broadcast a four-hour music session into the
 water to the delight of snorkelers and scuba divers.

電影《小美人魚》主題曲、披頭四的《黃色潛水艇》
和吉米•巴菲特的《鰭》有什麼共通點？
這三首歌都關於在水中，
而且都在去年的佛羅里達州水中音樂會中被演奏出來。
在佛羅里達群島國家海洋保護區，
一艘在船底下配有防水擴音器的小船連播四小時的音樂到水中，
讓浮潛者和戴水肺潛水者都玩得很盡興。 


漢娜與她的家人正在看電視，來聽聽即將到來的颱風消息。
漢　娜： 爸，氣象播報員說有一個颱風正在朝我們這裡前來。我們該怎麼辦？
威　莫： 是嗎？讓我來看看.. 他們說這將是個大颱風。
雪　莉： 我已經用木板把窗戶封起來，門也封好了。
威　莫： 冰箱裡有足夠我們所有人吃的食物嗎？ 

Hannah and her family are watching TC to hear about the coming Typhoon.
Hannah:Dad, the weather reporter is saying that a typhoon is headed this way ,What should we do?
Wilmer:Really?Let me see...They are saying it is going to a big one.
Shelly:I have already boarded up the windows,and sealed up the doors.
Wilmer:Is there enough food in the fridge for all of us?

洛可在他的工作崗位上工作了二十年後要退休了，有兩位他的同事決定幫他辦歡送派對。 
洛可：好吧，各位，今天是我的最後一天，我想要在永遠無法再見面之前跟大家道別。 
蒂娜：在你走之前，洛可， 我們想幫你辦一場歡送派對。 
葛瑞格：並祝你未來好運。

Ricoo is retiring from his job after working there for 20 years, and a couple of co-workers have decieded to throw him a farewell party.
Ricco :All right,guys,this is my last day for work,I thought I would say good-bye before I never see any of you again.
Tina: Before you go,Ricco, We wanted to throw you a farewell party.
Greg: And wish you the best luck for the future.


E: Emily　　T: Ted
Emily and Ted are getting ready to travel to Salar de Uyuni.
E: Are all the extra battery packs for thedigital cameras charged up?
T: Yes, they are. We have enough powerto last for three or four days withoutelectricity.
E: That’s great. We don’t want to have any mistakes while we are at the saltflats.
T: I know. This is an experience like we’ve never had before.
E: Yes, and we’ll arrive just in time forsunset and take a ton of pictures.
T: All right. Let’s head down to the lobby. Our guide is supposed to meet usthere in a few minutes.


艾蜜莉和泰德正準備造訪烏尤尼鹽沼。
艾蜜莉：數位相機的所有備用電池組都充好電了嗎？
泰　德：對，都充好了。在沒電的情況下，我們有足夠的電力可撐三或四天了。
艾蜜莉：太好了。我們在鹽沼區時可不想出任何錯誤。
泰　德：我知道。這是一個我們從未有過的體驗。
艾蜜莉：嗯，而且我們會及時在日落前抵達，然後拍很多照片。
泰　德：沒錯。咱們走下去大廳吧。我們的導遊應該幾分鐘後就會跟我們碰面了。 


The largest salt flat in the world, 
Salar de Uyuni, is in the middle of the Bolivian desert. 
Travelers who want to visit Salar de Uyuni 
usually sign up with tour guides who take their passengers 
in four-wheel drive cars to the salt flats. 
Tourists who are adventurous can stay the night in 
one of the salt hotels. 
These places have been built in the middle of 
nowhere and offer rooms with beds and toilets made out of salt. 
Salar de Uyuni is defi nitely a one-of-a kind place 
that should be seen at least once in a lifetime.

世界上最大的鹽沼──烏尤尼鹽沼位於玻利維亞沙漠的中間。
想要到烏尤尼鹽沼的遊客通常要向他們的導遊登記，
他會開四輪驅動車載旅客到鹽沼區。
喜歡冒險的遊客可以在其中一間鹽巴旅館過夜。
這些旅館建於荒郊野外，
提供有著以鹽巴製成的床和廁所的房間。
烏尤尼鹽沼絕對是一生中至少應造訪一次的獨特景點。 



丹•布朗出生於 1964 年。
他在美國新罕布夏州長大，
這個州位於紐約州和加拿大蒙特婁市的中間。
他住在大學校園裡，
他父親在那間大學擔任數學老師並編寫數學教科書。
聖誕節和生日時，他父親都會安排特別的尋寶遊戲。
布朗小的時候，
他要依照地圖、破解密碼和發現隱藏的祕密來找到他的禮物。
他家充滿許多年幼布朗喜歡讀的那些有關解謎和謎團的書。


Dan Brown was born in 1964. 
He was raised in the US state of New Hampshire, 
which is located between New York and Montreal, Canada. 
His home was located on a university campus where 
his father was a math teacher and wrote math textbooks. 
At Christmas and on birthdays, 
his dad would organize special treasure hunts. 
As a young boy, Brown had to follow a map, 
crack codes, and uncover hidden secrets to find his gift. 
His home was full of books containing puzzles and 
secrets which the young Brown loved to read.




Q: Quentin　　E: Elsa
Quentin and Elsa are talking about their futureplans now that they have graduated from university.
E: We did it, Quentin. After four years of college, we’ve finally graduated.
Q: It’s been a long road, Elsa, but it’s led me to you.
E: The road doesn’t stop here, though. Have you decided to go to graduate school or not?
Q: I have. The university is offering me ascholarship. I figure if I want to become a curator at a museum, I’d better have a master’s in art history. How about you?

如今昆汀和艾莎從大學畢業，他們正在討論他們的未來規劃。
艾　莎：我們辦到了，昆汀。熬過四年的大學時光，我們終於畢業了。
昆　汀：這條路真漫長，艾莎，但它引領我與妳相遇。
艾　莎：而且這條路不會在這裡停住。你有沒有決
定要唸研究所？
昆　汀：我要唸。大學有提供我一份獎學金。我想如
果我要成為一位博物館館長，我最好要具
備藝術史碩士學歷。妳呢？


一公里 50 大卡
7700大卡 一公斤

三公斤 23100大卡=462公里

墾丁-斗南 232.5公里

Producer Tim Burton brings Lewis Carroll's classic novel to the silver screen in the new movie Alice Through the Looking Glass. Burton first brought Carroll's characters to life in Alice in Wonderland. Now, six months after the events of the first movie, Alice must travel back to Wonderland and through time to save the Mad Hatter. To succeed, however, she must survive the evil Red Queen and a new villain who has been waiting for her return.
電影製作人提姆•波頓在新電影《魔鏡夢遊：時光怪客》中，將路易斯•卡羅的經典小說搬上大銀幕。在《愛麗絲夢遊仙境》裡，波頓第一次生動呈現卡羅筆下的角色。第一部電影故事發生的六個月後，愛麗絲必須重回仙境並回到過去去救瘋狂帽客。但為了達成任務，她必須從還在等著她回來的邪惡紅心皇后和一個新反派角色的手中存活下來。
The first known food truck in the United States appeared in 1866 when cattle rancher Charles Goodnight fitted an army wagon with shelves and kitchenware. Goodnight used the wagon to serve cowhands working on his ranch with dried beans, bacon, and dried beef. Over the last 100 years or so, the quality and type of food made in food trucks has certainly improved. Now, foodies across the globe can choose from a variety of restaurant-quality meals served right out of a truck.
1866年牧牛場主人查爾斯•古德奈安裝架子和廚房用具到一輛軍用的運貨馬車上後，美國已知的第一輛餐車便出現了。古德奈利用運貨馬車來為在他牧場工作的牧牛工人提供乾豆、培根和牛肉乾。過去約一百多年來，餐車食物的品質和種類確實在進步。現在，世界各地的美食家可以從餐車挑選各式各樣餐廳品質的美食。

J: Jose　　B: Officer Bickel
Jose is going through the airport security when he gets stopped by the TSA.
B: OK, sir, have your ID out and move forward, please. Take off your shoes and put your bag through the metal detector.
J: Sorry, officer, what’s that machine there?
B: That’s the millimeter wave scanner. It’s a whole-body imaging device. It will check if you’re carrying any dangerous objects under your clothing.

線上收聽請按
荷西要通過機場安檢時，他被美國運輸安全管理局攔了下來。
畢　可：好的，先生，請出示您的身分證明文件並往前走過來。脫下您的鞋子，並讓您的手提袋通過金屬探測器檢查。
荷　西：不好意思，長官，那邊那台是什麼機器啊？
畢　可：那是毫米波掃描器。它是全身成像裝置。它會檢查您的衣服裡面是否有攜帶任何危險物品。 


E: Ellen　　S: Sue
Ellen and Sue are back in the locker room after the game.
E: That was one of the most exciting games I have ever witnessed.
S: I know. I'm so proud of our team even though we lost a tough game.
E: That's OK. I know every player on the fi eld gave 110%!
S: And all the ladies on our cheerleading squad did, too.
E: Yeah! We did all the thigh stands and shoulder sits we could handle.

艾倫和小蘇在比賽後回到了更衣休息室。
艾　倫：這真是我親身經歷過最刺激的其中一場比賽了。
小　蘇：我有同感。雖然我們輸了一場艱難的比賽，但是我為我們的球隊感到驕傲。
艾　倫：沒關係。我知道場上的每位球員都付出了 110%！
小　蘇：而且我們啦啦隊裡的所有女生也是如此。
艾　倫：是呀！我完成了所有我們能做出的股立姿和肩上騎坐姿。 


One day, when Anna was walking down a street, she saw a boy eating a banana while humming a tune. She was then shocked to see him throw the banana peel to the ground after eating it. The boy acted as if nothing had happened. After seeing this, Anna wanted to approach him and teach him a lesson. She was about to stop the boy when a passerby accidentally slipped on the banana peel and fell.
有一天安娜走在路上時，看到一個男孩邊吃香蕉邊哼著歌。後來看到他吃完香蕉後就把香蕉皮亂扔在路上時，安娜感到很震驚。那男孩表現得好像什麼事都沒發生過。見到這個景象後，安娜想要上前給他一個教訓。她正準備要攔住那男孩時，一位路人不小心踩到香蕉皮滑倒了。 


B: Blaine　　D: Dee
Blaine is showing his little sister, Dee, the ropes of being a movie theater usher.
B: Dee, I need you to stand here and take the tickets from the moviegoers in line.
D: But, Blaine, there's nobody here. Can I work the film projector now?
B: That is out of the question, Dee! You are not qualified to handle any of the equipment in the film room.
D: Who put you in charge?

布萊恩正在指點他妹妹小蒂當電影院領座員的訣竅。
布萊恩：小蒂，我要妳站在這裡並向排隊看電影的人收票。
小　蒂：但是，布萊恩，現在這裡沒人。我現在能操作電影放映機嗎？
布萊恩：那是不可能的，小蒂！妳沒資格操作電影放映室裡的任何設備。
小　蒂：誰讓你全權負責的？


There are certain natural wonders around the world so fantastic that they have inspired legends. Considering their amazing beauty, it seems they must have been formed by the gods. To experience this feeling, one only has to take a look at New Zealand’s Moeraki Boulders.
The boulders rise up along New Zealand’s Otago coast like the sun over the horizon, looking out of the sand along Koekohe Beach. According to the legends of the Maori people, the boulders are the remains of eel baskets, bottle gourds, and sweet potatoes.
世界上有一些自然奇觀如此美妙因而引發了種種傳說。鑑於它們的令人驚豔，它們似乎就是被眾神塑造出來的。想要體驗這種感受，你只需要去看一看紐西蘭的莫拉奇大圓石。 
這些圓石沿著紐西蘭的奧塔哥海岸聳立，像是在地平線上的太陽一樣，從扣扣奇沙灘沿岸的沙地上向外眺望。根據毛利人的傳說，這些圓石是鰻魚簍、葫蘆及地瓜的殘骸。


便當是一種把飯菜裝在盒子裡的傳統日式午餐。近來有一些日本家庭主婦已經開始把孩子們帶去學校吃的午餐變得更豐富有趣。這些充滿藝術天分的家長們將便當裡的飯菜排出令人驚喜的圖案。藉由加入海苔和其他食材，她們可以將米飯、肉類和青菜塑造成熱門玩具和當紅卡通人物的造型。這種呈現食物的方法不但有趣，而且創意無窮。不過某些主婦們卻很認真地看待這件事，因為這是唯一能讓孩子們吃飯的方法。
Bento is a traditional Japanese lunch packed in a box. Recently, some Japanese mothers have started making the food that their children take to school for lunch a little more exciting. These artistic parents arrange the items in the boxes into fun surprises. By adding seaweed and other ingredients, they can shape rice, meat, and vegetables into popular toys and cartoon characters. It is a fun and creative way to present food. However, some mothers really take it seriously because that is the only way they can get their children to eat.

凌晨四點，一間古老大房子的閣樓裡，一位五十二歲的作家坐著寫作了整整六十分。他不用時鐘來告訴他時間，而是用沙漏。一小時到了的時候，他放下他的筆，做了十分鐘的伸展和運動。隨後他用一條繩子捆住他的腳，以倒掛在天花板上的方式來思考下一步要寫什麼。他重複這個過程很多小時。不，他絕不是一個可憐的瘋子 ── 他是世界知名作家丹•布朗。 




At four in the morning, in the loft of a big old house, a 52-year-old sits down to write for exactly 60 minutes. Instead of using a clock to tell him the time, he uses an hourglass. When the hour is up, he puts down his pen and does 10 minutes of stretching and exercises. He then ties his feet to a rope and hangs upside down from the ceiling to think about what to write next. He repeats this process for several hours. No, this is not some poor fellow who has gone crazy —— it is Dan Brown, the world-famous author.

